
Introduction:

P1:
Hello, I appreciate you all being here and listening to me .
Today, we'll discuss the challenging aspects of love in our lives . Frankly speaking, the stressful environment and fast lifestyle make it difficult for us to maintain relationships, especially in the realm of love , both in Family Ties and love with our possible Soulmate, which dedicated time and attention . The examples are as follows.

P2:
first case is left-behind children problems in family-ties .

The parents of left-behind children have to leave their hometown to work far away in order to earn a better living and support their families. However, this means they are unable to care for their children, leaving them behind with relatives or on their own.

Living apart with family is a tough expierece,especaliy for children. 

I was a left-behind child once, and I have understood my parents now. Easily speaking, it's a more resbonsible decision for their children's better future development, which usually includes better education and living support.


P3:
another case is a  **Top-Rated Comment**

We can see a very utilitarian and harsh saying goes:  
”上岸第一剑，先斩意中人“
(The first thing to do upon reaching the shore is to cut off the one you once loved.)

Most of the time, this is just a very ironic joke and extrem condition, don’t take it too seriously and we all deserve to be loved. 

But it realy reveal the The dilemma between our future development and love.

P4:
Above two cases has explained " The dilemma between our future development and our relationships with others."

So  What's your perspective about love and personal future development?

P5:
I have to take my future development seriously now,for nowaday's increcingly firece compititions in academic field and job market,there are more and more challeging to get an offer of futher education or a job position.


P6-7:

In my personal opinion, considering that I have made the decision to spare no effort for a better future, whether that's preparing for the postgraduate entrance exams or Civil Service Examination or learning more practical programming skills for a job after graduate, I think I don't have enough time and energy to develop a romantic relationship with someone . 

However, I still believe that love is a very important part of everyone's life. But in the face of the harsh reality, we have to make a more responsible decision for ourselves and our family now. Maybe someday when I have a stable job and become more mature, I will consider love more seriously.

P8:
The disscusion above is just a easy case, and there are lots of challeges we need to deal with.
Although the harsh reality seems so bad for us,but we still believe the existence of love.From another point of view,we just need to find the most suitable way for us to pursue the love and ideals.


更改建议：删掉P3,展开深入探讨情亲这个话题
